React-Component-Library/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) (or [oxc](https://oxc.rs) when used in [rolldown-vite](https://vite.dev/guide/rolldown)) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## React Compiler

The React Compiler is not enabled on this template because of its impact on dev & build performances. To add it, see [this documentation](https://react.dev/learn/react-compiler/installation).

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

Adds(Feature) : Action button on table

React-Component-Library/README.md, after:

# React Component Library

This repository contains a minimal component library scaffolded with Vite and React 19. It includes a few ready-to-use components and a simple local playground for development.

Components included:
- Banner — contextual status messages
- SideBar — slide-in side panel with open/close controls
- Table primitives — TableHeader, TableRow, and TableAction helpers

## Getting Started

Prerequisites:
- Node.js 18+ and npm

Install dependencies and start the dev server:

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Build and preview production output:

```bash
npm run build
npm run preview
```

Run linting:

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Project Structure

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
